Thanks for sharing this information and for your questions, and sorry about the slow reply as I have been away for a couple of weeks.

 

I have a question about the OpenLearning integration and I’ve answered your questions for clarification below too.

Regarding automatically import activities and certificates from OpenLearning, you have said this: We’ve followed all documentation and tested multiple approaches, but the OpenLearning endpoints that should enable this functionality are currently offline and non-functional.

Question: Should I get in touch with OpenLearning to ask about this? Perhaps they can advise about if they can make the endpoints functional.

Here are the answers to your questions for clarification:

Questions for Clarification
CPD Calculation
When a user manually adds an activity, how should CPD be calculated? Should we consider 1 hour of activity as 1 CPD point, or should there be a different value depending on the activity category?The CPD points are weighted as 1, 2 or 3 points per hour depending on the type of activity. So, there should be a different value depending on the activity category – 1, 2 or 3. We should be able to set up the category when we set up an activity. This is the same functionality as the current website.
Institution Linking
From our understanding, each member can link themselves to any institution. Is that correct? Yes
If so, does this require administrator approval, or is it automatically approved? We’d like their institution’s administrator to be emailed for approval
Can a single member be linked to more than one institution? No
Events
Will there be a feature to send event invitations to non-members? If yes, who will have permission to send these invitations? No we don’t need this feature.
Who can create events? Only English Australia administrators, or can institutions also create new events? Only English Australia admins
In the event creation form, can we remove the “Featured Event (shown prominently)” option, or is it required? Not required – can remove.
Member Registration
In the current system, we have three fields — System Role, Membership Type, and Interest Group. Could you please clarify if all three are necessary, what they mean, and how they should affect user permissions within the platform? I believe we only need Membership Type. Depending on the Membership Type, some people can access all member documents, whereas some member types can only access free events and a limited number of documents.
Event Registration and Payments
Should event registrations be automatically approved, or should they require manual approval? They should be automatically approved. We would like a function whereby we can create some events where only members can register.
We noticed events can be Free or Paid, and paid events may have different prices for members and non-members. How will these payments be processed? Through our payment gateway, Secure Pay
Through the platform (via Secure Pay integration)?
Or externally, with your team manually marking users as paid and granting access in the system?
Membership Payments
Similarly, how should membership payments be handled?
Through the platform (Secure Pay integration)?
Or externally, with your team manually updating membership approval, payment status, and expiration date? This one
 

Let me know if you have any other questions.